hello and welcome today I am going to
show you how to make mysore masala dosa
a very famous South Indian recipe so for
that you need 1 cup of rice
one tablespoon of Buddhas done or black
a gram dal one teaspoon of red ramgarh
and each other you take 21 or muscle
done then 1 tsp of fenugreek seeds and
how's the puffed rice flakes this you
will add in water wash and iron water
just one hour before grinding andhra wok
it's one and a half tablespoon this
should be used just one and one are
before you start making the dough
something the first we have to so this
oil in water so here I will take rice
and this I will have to soak it for at
least two to three hours before grinding
to a fine paste so that does
masoor dal or toor dal and fenugreek
seeds so now I will solve this in water
for two to three hours this is so for
three years now so i watch this and guy
into a fine paste and work along with
this i will also lined this rice flakes
this i had soaked in water just one hour
before so now together i will this are
before a certain this you have to wash
it and then only had a soak in water
because I smarts particles so the batter
is ready now now I will cover this and
keep it for fermentation for another 16
oz as you can see this is fermented numb
so to this am going to add one and a
half tablespoon of raava or semolina
sour mix well
I will also add 1 tsp salt to it a mix
well and leaves for one now before
starting to make dosa how to make dosa
oil to it
so you can see the color
spread it will cut ammaji hold it here